Add section about filterable webhook subscription (#1228)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/webhooks/subscription-webhook-payloads.mdx

}
```

> ### Filterable subscription query

Reviewer: Maybe we could add more user-friendly or marketable name like "Filtering webhooks"?

:::info

This feature was introduced in **Saleor 3.20**.

:::

:::caution

This feature is in the **Feature Preview** stage, which means that it is available for experimentation and
feedback. However, it is still undergoing development and is subject to modifications.

:::

> For some webhook events, you can create a filterable subscription. A filterable subscription means the event will be delivered only when the filter input matches the object.

Reviewer: I would also mention some use case to show when it's useful.

"This is useful if you want to receive webhooks only for selected channels or your shop is generating lots of events and you want to split them between different receivers."

Not sure if it makes sense, but something like this would be nice.

All filterable events are available as a top-level subscription field, on the same level as the [event](api-reference/miscellaneous/subscriptions/event.mdx) field.

:::note

> Only one top field can be requested as a filterable subscription query. This means that in a single subscription, you cannot define more than one filterable event or mix it with the `event` field. In that case, a new webhook with a new subscription should be created.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add example to show what query is invalid.

:::

> The example below is a subscription query that filters out newly created orders that do not belong to the channels with slugs: `uk`, `pl`:

Reviewer 2: Make examples more relatable

Reviewer: To me, more intuitive would be to rephrase it by dropping the negation:
```suggestion
The example below is a subscription query that triggers a webhook only for orders that belong to given channels: `uk`, `pl`:
```

> The example below is a subscription query that filters out newly created orders that do not belong to the channels with slugs: `uk`, `pl`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below is a subscription query that filters out newly created orders that do not belong to the channels with slugs: `uk`, `usa`:
```

```graphql
subscription {

>   orderCreated(channels: ["uk", "pl"]) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  orderCreated(channels: ["uk", "usa"]) {
```
